# SOLO LINK

***
## Author 

**Pascal Odudigbo**
**Paschal Odudigbo**

***
​
## PROJECT DESCRIPTION
- Solo Link: A web application that enables artists to have their entire discography accessible under a single link, making it easier for consumers to access all their uploaded content which are hosted on various streaming platforms.
​
## Table of content
- [Technologies]
- [Description]
- [Features]
- [Setup-process]
- [Project-usage]
- [Copyright]
- [Licence]
​
## Technologies
​
languages used are: 
- HTML : HTML5 -which is used to create the structure of the page
- CSS : CSS4 -used to style the page
- Javascript : used for code logic
- Ruby on Rails : for backend routing and data storage
​
### Features
* As a user you are able to:
    - Create an account
    - Login and view their profile
    - View your projects/discography
    - Add a new Projects
    - Add music videos for projects shared on the app
    - Edit profile, projects and music videos
    - Search for a specific projects
    - Delete projects and/or music videos 
​
### Description
The site uses a POSTGRESQL database to store users information, projects and project videos. 
User's only have access to their specific projects and can perform CRUD (Create, Read, Update, Delete) operations on said Projects and their associations.
Consumers/fans can access all projects under an artist by visiting their "solo link".
​
### Challenges
My major challenge was making the web app mobile friendly, but i learnt about media querries and was finally able to accomplish it.
*** 
## How to set up and run the project
​
### Requirements
* npm
* Visual Studio Code
​
   
​
#### Set up
clone the project repo using the command
- $git clone git@github.com:PascalOdudigbo/solo-link.git

change directory install necessary gems or undles using these instructions
- $cd ./solo-link
- code .
- bundle install
- $npm install --prefix client
- $npm start --prefix client
- $rails s

- upon viewing the landing page, you can login or sign up. new users need to verify their email address through a link that'd be sent before they can proceed to login. Upon successful login, edit your profile. Afterwards you can proceed to add a project. You can only add project videos to existing projects and perform CRUD operations on both the projects and the videos.
Your fans can access your shared content trough the solo link generated by clicking on the share button on the user profile.
 
***
## How to use the project
- ​As a new user, click on the live link and create an account.
- login to the app with the credentials used for creating your account
- click on the Add Peoject button in the body of the home page underneath the search input and add a new  project
- Each project can be editted, deleted or have a video link attached to them.
- project videos are youtube embeded and only require a title and a link to be added
***

#### live link
 - Alternatively, you could use the application through the live links: https://solo-link.onrender.com
 - https://solo-link.onrender.com/view-artist/makk.black/1
